- [Instructor] Today, every developer uses Git
for source control.
It's simple, and it's branching capabilities are unrivaled.
Plus, it's supported by every tool.
Hi, I'm Kevin Bowersox.
I've been a full-stack Java developer for over 10 years
and I've learned practical steps
that work for teams with Git.
In this course,
I'll give you the best practices I've learned
and introduce you to workflows and tools
that make it easier for teams
to get past the beginner stage.
We'll walk, step by step, through the GitFlow workflows
so that your team can adopt it as a standard
for moving code from your workstation
to production with minimal friction.
I'll introduce you to GitLab as a repository manager
and show you how to automate
common software development tasks
using a continuous integration
and continuous delivery pipeline.
If your team is just starting to use Git
or if you're looking for a better way to manage code
this course is for you.